OK so let's let's have a look and see how this actually works.
What's minima what's ahead write this.
So the code is still here.
Make sure that it is saved so that so so that it would be loaded.
And let's go back to the site.
So it says this is my main bank account and the balance is such and such but and I don't know there
is some other work.
There was another one which we have also initialized it says bank A.S.C. a the bank Ex-White cert and
this.
So this is the title.
This is in this iteration or IT index and the description this is the balance.
And the same goes for the next account.
So if I click on delete it will disappear and if I click on delete again it will disappear.
And both of them will disappear and I will say you do not have any accounts yet.
Please add it or add.
Damn I should have written that but it doesn't matter.
However this is not being saved to a database or anything like that.
So that might be a little problematic for us because as you can see if I refresh the site press control
our UPS renationalisation will occur and I will have the beginning status basically from where we began
their reshow and up.
That's why later on we will implement a database so that we can have permanent changes on our site that
we can actually store things from our site store the information from our site.
And of course this will start looking a lot prettier.
I mean there is there is a version of the bootstrap that is running now with angular too.
But I will show you how you can actually customize things on your own.
Anyway let's go ahead and create a title here so bang.
The description I am broke.
Amount of money.
Well a lot of Neyens create and there you go.
It indeed created.
But if I refresh the site
it disappears.
So that's the current logic of the current state of things and how it actually works.
Because we're not saving anything anywhere.
The initial code is just being reloaded anyway.
That's how it works going to be for a while here and in the follow up chapter we will move on to styles
so we don't necessarily make our site pretty but I will show you how you can actually change things
how you can change the the way things look and display on your site.
Don't worry eventually as we move onwards with our application this will start to take shape.
And it will look better and better and better until it actually starts looking like a real world application.
So farewell.